We are running programs where values of type int are 32 bits. They are represented in two's complement, and they are right shifted arithmetically. Values of type unsigned are also 32 bits.

We generate arbitrary values `x` and `y`, and convert them to unsigned values as follows.

```C
/* Create some arbitrary values */
int x = random();
int y = random();
/*Convert to unsigned */
unsigned ux = (unsigned) x;
unsigned uy = (unsigned) y;
```

For each of the following C expressions, you are to indicate whether or not the expression *always* yields `1`. If it always yields `1`, describe the underlying mathematical principles. Otherwise, give an example of arguments that make it yield 0.

**A.** `(x < y) == (-x > -y)`
	**Could be false**, i.e. `0`.
	Consider the case when  `x = INT_MIN = 0x80000000`.  Note that `-x = x`. If this case, if we choose `y = -1` or literally any other value, the comparison yields `false`.

**B.** `((x + y) << 4) + y - x == 17 * y + 15 * x`
	It's **always true**, i.e. `1`.
	Even when overflow or underflow happens, the 32 bits stays the same for the two sides. It's only that higher bits are truncated.

**C.** `~x + ~y + 1 == ~(x + y)`
	It's **always true**, i.e. `1`.
	`~x + ~y + 1 = ~x + 1 + ~y + 1 - 1 = (-x) + (-y) - 1 = -(x + y) - 1 = ~(x + y) + 1 - 1 = ~ (x + y)`

**D.** `(ux - uy) == - (unsigned)(y - x)`
	It's **always true**, i.e. `1`.
	It's important to notice that "signedness" does not affect the arithmetic ops. Hence, above expression is equivalent to:
	`(ux - uy) == - (uy - ux)`
	And this is always true, even in the cases of overflow or underflow.

**E.** `((x >> 2) << 2) <= x`
	It's **always true**, i.e. `1`.
	`((x >> 2) << 2)` clears the lower two bits of `x`. Notice that for a two's complement, **be it positive or negative**, all bits except the highest bit has positive weight. That means clearing out two bits will always decrease the value.